# Python Practice

I essentially created this repository in order to get into the habit of using git on a regular basis, which is something I dreaded doing for a very long time due to my fear of feeling like I wasn't going to use it correctly and I was going to look like a joke to onlookers. But I decided that thinking like that was counterproductive and I reminded myself that I'm doing this for me and not anyone else. So, here I am being imperfect in public and it doesn't really feel as bad as I once thought it would. Plus, I know that once I get into the habit of using git it will eventually become second nature to me.

Also, my other reason for making this repository is that I am currnetly learning Python using the 3<sup>rd</sup> edition of [Python Crash Course](https://a.co/d/06MDxn5s) by Eric Matthes and I needed a space to experiment and come up with my own ideas using the knowledge that I'm gaining from this awesome book. I'm not going to lie, Mr. Matthes is such a phenomenal author. His book is literally the reason this repository even exists. In the appendix of the book there is this awesome primer on git that will make even the most noobie of noobs (like myself) feel super confident in using git. I just wish I had gotten my hands on this book a lot sooner, but there is no time like the present to stat learning!

So, future self when you look back on this repository after finishing the book, I want you to add an update and tell us how your experience was learning Python and tracking your progress with git. I believe in you! And we'll be waiting to hear back from you soon! **Happy Coding!**
